Guidelines for writing about a typeclass (#45)
haskellfoundation/HaskellSchool: style/code.md

* For terminal commands, _shell_ code blocks must be used, and the prompt should be `$`
* Keep examples simple when possible

## Typeclasses

Checklist for writing about a typeclass:

> * What types belongs to the class? What types do not, any why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* What types belong to the class? What types do not, and if not why?
```
I think this reads more clearly.
